Review and edit ethereum-libraries page (#1941)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/smart-contracts/developing-contracts/ethereum-libraries/index.md

toc: true
---

## OpenZeppelin

> [OpenZeppelin](https://www.openzeppelin.com/contracts), one of the most popular and widely used libraries, provides a set of well-documented, modular smart contract templates. For a guided example that implements an ERC20 token on the Filecoin network, see [Example using an ERC20 contract](#example-using-an-erc20-contract).

Author: ```suggestion
[OpenZeppelin](https://www.openzeppelin.com/contracts) provides a library of battle-tested smart contract templates, including widely used implementations of ERC token standards. For a guided example that implements an ERC20 token on the Filecoin network, see [Example using an ERC20 contract](#example-using-an-erc20-contract).
```
